Update and reword docs (#305)
AndreaPontrandolfo/sheriff: apps/docs-website/docs/configuration.mdx

Reviewer: 👎

## Base options

The `eslint-config-sheriff` package exports a `sheriff` function.<br />

> You can configure Sheriff as desired by passing an object to the first, optional parameter to the `sheriff` function.<br />

Author: How about this?

```suggestion
You can configure Sheriff by passing an object as the first argument to the `sheriff` function.<br />
```

> You can configure Sheriff as desired by passing an object to the first, optional parameter to the `sheriff` function.<br />

Reviewer: > How about this?

i wouldn't outlined that it's the "first" argument, to avoid confusion, because the function currently accepts only 1 parameter.

> Every config option can be set on and off by passing them booleans. As they are all opt-in, they are all disabled by default. If you bootstrapped the config with `npm init @sherifforg/config` some of these values will be inferred automatically from your project.

Author: How about this?

```suggestion
Every config option can be set on and off (by passing them booleans). As they are all opt-in, they are all disabled by default. If you bootstrapped the config with `npm init @sherifforg/config` some of these values will be inferred automatically from your project.
```

### `ignores`

> By default, Sheriff will ignore certain file paths, but you can choose to opt out of this behavior.

Author: To `filepath` → `file path`, right? `opt out` is a verb, whereas `opt-out` is a noun.

> By default, Sheriff will ignore certain file paths, but you can choose to opt out of this behavior.

Reviewer: opt-out should have the hyphen

> By default, Sheriff will ignore certain file paths, but you can choose to opt out of this behavior.

Author: No it shouldn't. "opt-out" is a noun or adjective, like "the opt-out form" whereas "opt out" is a verb, like "I'm opting out of this survey"
In this case, you're saying that people can opt out, which is using it as a verb.

> By default, Sheriff will ignore certain file paths, but you can choose to opt out of this behavior.

Reviewer: fine
